c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\bin\Debug\FriendsWithPaws.exe
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\bin\Debug\FriendsWithPaws.pdb
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\bin\Debug\FriendsWithPaws.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.cs
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xaml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\FriendsWithPaws.exe
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\FriendsWithPaws.pdb
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\SearchResultsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\SearchResultsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\SearchResultsPage.xaml
C:\Users\logan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\FriendsWithPaws.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\logan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\bin\Debug\Callisto.dll
C:\Users\logan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\bin\Debug\Callisto.pri
C:\Users\logan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\FriendsWithPaws.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\logan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FriendsWithPaws\FriendsWithPaws\obj\Debug\Callisto.pri.xml
